hi I'm balling her to knee the night
major novels are you some time ago we
decided to submit well certain number of
commercials to carmax however they were
well rejected for well being stupid but
in this day and age we've been noticing
well certain number of wealth stupid
commercials such as a king that stalks
you to give you burgers or rainbow like
kills you if you don't believe in it so
we decided well let's we submit our
commercials to carmax for this contest a
well-set-up and so here we decide to
show you guys a showcase of these
commercials and here they are
you
10 foo sweet
that's ingles carmax share to tingle
result either
what's that carmax but you don't have
dry lips I know but it doesn't mean the
ability to fly
learning do not attempt with general
brands carmax shared a tingle results
may vary he'll carmax I've fallen down I
can't get up corvex here yes car backs
the new product I'll come to your aid
whenever you call it by name he'll
carmax I can't open this bottle car bats
Oh call again carmax share the tingle
hey does table there's not meet her
thanks carmax alright everyone thanks
for watching our show yeah you know
we've actually never tried this product
you know what you're right
hanging so bad it actually tingles here
it does tingle carmax shared a tingle
results may vary